Alexa, open robot yeedi
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to start cleaning.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to start vacuuming.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to start mopping.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi it missed a spot.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi the house isn't going to clean itself.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to start vacuuming with kitty.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to start mopping with kitty.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to stop cleaning.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to stop vacuuming.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to stop mopping.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi it's fired.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi its services are no longer needed.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to stop vacuuming with kitty.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to stop mopping with kitty.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to pause vacuuming.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to pause mopping.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi to take a breather.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi to wait just a moment.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi that Simon says 'freeze'.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to pause vacuuming with kitty.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to pause mopping with kitty.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi where it is?
Alexa, tell robot yeedi it has 10 seconds to show its face.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi I miss it.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi I said Marco.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi what's its status?
Alexa, tell robot yeedi I haven't heard from it in a while
Alexa, ask robot yeedi how much longer until it's done?
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to return to dock.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to return to the charging dock.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi I said goodnight.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi it's time to hit the sack.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi it's past its bedtime.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to start charging with kitty.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to vacuum the guest room.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to mop the master bedroom.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi the kid's room is waiting for it.
Alexa, tell robot yeedi the kids made a little mess in the kitchen.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to clean bedroom and living room.
Alexa, ask robot yeedi to clean bedroom and living room with kitty.
Alexa, disable robot yeedi
